Add acknowledgement (#26)
Jij-Inc/ommx: README.md

# Contribution
TBW

# Acknowledgement
![BRIDGE](./BRIDGE.png)

> This work was performed for Council for Science, Technology and Innovation (CSTI), Cross-ministerialStrategic Innovation Promotion Program (SIP), “Promoting the application of advanced quantum technologyplatforms to social issues”(Funding agency : QST).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work was performed for Council for Science, Technology and Innovation (CSTI), Cross-ministerial Strategic Innovation Promotion Program (SIP), “Promoting the application of advanced quantum technology platforms to social issues”(Funding agency : QST).
```
